lt was fun
The water was chilled
Why didn't you come in?
With you and me together,
the sea would've been on fire
Rajesh, l still can't believe
that you're back.
lf you say that one more time,
l'll vanish into thin air
Who were they?
- Who?
The ones who took you away
Some business
- What do they want?
They just wanted to meet me.
So l met them
Rajesh, stay away from them.
l think they are dangerous
So what? What can they do to us?
l'm afraid you're going back
to your old ways
l'm going nowhere Sheila.
Here l am. With you. Trust me
So much money?
Where did it come from?
Never mind where money comes from.
Just think about spending it
But where did you get the money?
- Enjoy the fruit. Never mind the tree
Who d'you love more?
Money? Or Sheila?
What a question!
What have you done?
- Something l should've done long ago
l thought after all you've been
through, you'd mend your ways
But now l know. You're incorrigible!
You're a thief to the core
Yes, thief l am!
But l don't rob the poor
The ones l steal from worship wealth,
yet they know not how to use her
Who gives you the right?
- They themselves
For they too have robbed
to amass their wealth
Sheila, why don't you understand?
l don't want to steal for myself
l want to give you all the riches
in the world!
Right no wrong l know not,
and l don't care
l can't bear to see you dancing
in the nightclubs
Would you rather have me begging
on the streets?
Do you know what it means to be lonely
for three and a half years?
lf you knew,
you'd never do this again.
Rajesh, l've realized for myself
ln the life you're making
for yourself, l have no place
l want this man
And l want him fast,
you understand?
You're a marksman!
Who is he?
- A criminal. Just like you
Gave me the slip
Looks like l'm the only fellow
who hasn't. Unfortunate
Where did you get
that mannequin made?
Why?
- l want one made. Just like you.
To pray to. For riddance.
- l told you to see me...
twice a week.
- No! You said once in two weeks
All right, you said twice a week.
But that look on your face...!
lt's loaded!
Empty
The next time you miss seeing me...
- Now where do l see you?
All day, you're doing
target practice
Then you stick a beard on your face and
you go singing in nightclubs at night
Same song! Encore!
Dulcet voice!
Listen
Am l following you around?
Or, are you following me around?
Don't be angry. You're the one
who has always been tailing me
And the way you've marked me,
oh it hurts!
Burnt currency notes. Found at the
place where you took your girlfriend
You seem to be back at it.
Take care
And if you miss the twice-a-week
... you know what
Where have you been?
- Around the world
When are you coming
to our world?
Haven't been able to decide yet.
l need time to think
Think it over. Think it over well.
Remember, the Princess isn't used
to taking a no for an answer
Are you threatening me?
- Not at all
We're talking! Can't you see?
Did you say something?
- l was saying...
after we're through,
the car moves
Now you're being polite.
You said something else...?
Want to hear it?
- lf you don't mind...
Want to hear it again?
- lt'll be enough for today
l hate murder
The next time we meet
will be your last time
Who was he?
Dangerous fellow. Take care
l will
Thanks. Had it not been for you,
he would've shot me
The bullets would've ricocheted
off your steel
l've seen you somewhere
You're the motorbike daredevil,
aren't you?
What do you these days?
- l have the motorbike
l'm looking for an assignment
Are you deaf?
Parked right in the middle
of the street
Tall and handsome
You think they're tall and handsome?
- Of course
And you think l'm squat and ugly?
And so what? l'm your husband
Put your veil up.
They are strangers
And l think they are hoodlums.
- For you everyone is a hood
l'll show you what they are
Your turn
- Are you blind or deaf?
- Neither of it.
ls this any place to park your car?
- Forgive me
- What?!
What d'you take me for? A fool?
You think your father owns the road?
Your father owns the road
- He mentioned my father
You mentioned my father, did you?
Are you calling my father names?
First you park wrong, then
you throw your weight around?
With you, l'd never!
l don't want to get killed, do l?
Look at you... one blow from you
and l'd be deep-sixed
Darling, it took this fellow a minute
to realize what my capability is
And 12 years after the marriage,
and you still don't know!
Stop smiling, and start that car
Now make it fast,
or l'll crush that thing!
All right, l'm going.
- Shut up. Else l'll break your teeth
What?
- l was just talking about my wife
She keeps joking.
That's why l want to break her teeth
You're my brother!
Now don't bother a married man
Look, if you don't have petrol,
just fill it up. Get going
You think they are handsome?
And what do they think of me?
Stop boasting. The other night
when the thief came in...
what did you do? You locked yourself
inside the bathroom!
l went to get my gun.
l took the gun and l came out...
Standing in the middle of a road and
raking up the past! Don't you upset me
Come on. Sit in the car!
Don't you have any brains?
They're clapping...
they can't really be my sons!
Tina! What are you doing?
Stop it, Tina!
How are you darling?
Sheila, are you angry with me?
- No
With Papa...?
Then why didn't you come
to see us for so long?
lf you don't tell me,
l'll drench you
You live here?
- A part of me does. Come on
Stop, l say!
Enough
Now l'm getting angry.
Tina, stop. Else, l'll beat you
Keep it up. Her brains need
to cool down
Who are you?
Well, l am who l am.
But whose daughter are you?
Papa's
Your daughter?
- Yes
Which means...
you know each other?
No
- But of course, the kid...?
Neighbor. She comes to play with me
Strange. l just got to know him.
And you already know his daughter
This is Sheila
Bye Rajesh
- What's your hurry?
Some other time.
l know where to find you
What's up, Sheila?
l've refused to recognize you
But not to deceive Rajesh.
l don't want to lose him
He's madly in love with me.
lf he gets to know that...
you were in love with me,
he won't be able to bear it
And there's no knowing what he might
do. Please, never mention this to him
Trust me. This will stay a secret
Rajesh deserves your love
l'd be sorry if you lost him
You love Papa, don't you?
- l do
Will you listen to something, then?
- Yes
Don't go to see Sheila.
- Why?
There are some things...
Some things that you'll get to know
only once you grow up
Remember me telling you that we'll
meet once more for the last time?
Care for life? You're scared to die.
All my life, l've played with death
No dying for you.
l'll let you live.
A life worse than death
You're proud of the strength
in your legs, aren't you?
From now, you're crawling.
You'll beg for mercy
No
He's valuable
You're lucky to have
a friend like him
A friend he's mine too.
But why doesn't he behave like one?
Could your condition evoke
his friendlier instincts for me?
lf this is what you're going to do,
l'll never do it for you
All right, one more chance
Else, his daughter and your
girlfriend will fare worse
Good girls don't cry
Come home with me. Let Papa rest.
We'll come back tomorrow
Get well soon
Are you crying?
You mustn't
How about chewing gum?
ls she your daughter?
My name is lnspector Khan.
l want to ask some questions
This is no time for questions
Speak when you're spoken to.
As of now, he's talking
How did all this happen?
- A lorry...
You know the consequences of
interfering with the law?
How did all this happen?
How did it happen?
l was asking how it happened
We were walking along the highway.
A lorry hit me
You didn't take the number, did you?
And your friend was with you, right?
l'm not surprised. Wherever he goes,
accidents keep happening
Hey, you have lovely eyes.
Don't misuse your eyes
This thing you keep doing...
Some day l'll make it
a permanent fixture on your face
Why did you make me tell a lie?
We've met twice.
And both the times,
you saved my life
lf you reciprocate
my friendship,...
you will tell me
- Friend, you know nothing about me
l'm a convict. l've served
three and a half years
After l was released...
Vikram and his sister gave me
a huge advance to do a job
For Sheila's sake,
l decided to give up crime.
Else l would've lost her
l just burnt all the money.
So l couldn't give the money back
Nor did l do the job
Ever since, they've been after me.
By some freak chance...
you've struck an enmity with them too.
Had l not come in the nick of time...
last night they would've cut
your legs, made you a cripple
Before he left, the bastard
even threatened...
to kill you,
Tina and Sheila....
unless l do the job
Rajesh, l'm grateful
for your friendship
Pray that l recover soon
l'll teach that cur a lesson.
He will pray for his death
Curse that chap who
made me take that fall!
Nurse, l fell down all the way
from the third floor
You fell in the bathroom!
Don't insult me in
front of the nurse
Whose wife are you?
The neighbors'?
You don't go groping another woman
in front of me! Aren't you ashamed?
l can always use
the other hand on you
You know, that's a pretty nose
Slowly! Are you pulling a stretcher
or a racing cart?
Who's to answer if l get more
fractures? Slowly. Do it slowly
Nurse, where were you born?
At home, or in the hospital?
What a smile!
Hi handsome! What happened?
How did you get so many bruises?
What happened to him?
- Handsome, won't you speak to me?
The hoods! Hey you fellows are hoods.
Stay away from my wife
Move it man!
Now what's wrong?
Get a hold on your temper, darling
To hell with it! My name is Rustom!
l'll teach the hoods a lesson
You want to ruin my married life?
The other day, you threatened me.
Now you see?
My men have broken your bones!
What? Are you crying?
Or are you laughing?
Where were you when
they broke his bones?
No jokes, mind you.
l have a dozen goons waiting outside
So don't you talk too much,
or l'll break all your bones
And l'll put you on a bed
beside him. Get it?
This is a hospital.
Not your father's house
Shut up! lf l die,
you'll become a widow
Hasn't let go yet? Doctor!
Look, he's still holding on
Tina is missing!
What are you saying?
Where has she gone?
l don't know! lt's been some time now.
l've looked everywhere for her
This is Vikram! l'll kill him!
- Amar! Wait
Don't be hasty. lt could cost
you and Tina your lives
l'll kill everyone in his family!
Get out of my way
Don't be stubborn, Amar!
- Out of my way
The man in the mask. Unmasked now.
Put these handcuffs on
Don't tell lnspector Khan anything
Lord! Help me!
He has come alone.
Why hasn't Rajesh come?
He will come. After this one dies
- Vikram, where's my daughter?
- With me. Come and take her
Pump him full of bullets
Let him get closer. lt'll be fun
watching him die from close up
Stop!
- Let me go, Rajesh!
Come to your senses, Amar
What use dying for nothing?
They are the ones who will die
l'll kill each
and every one of them
Let go
You think Tina means nothing to me?
They want me to steal for them.
l'll do it for them
No! You won't
l have a plan. Just give me a day.
l'll get Tina out of here
One minute
Greetings, Khan Baba!
Where have you been so long?
Khan Baba,
this is my friend, Amar
l've something important to ask.
- Anything for you
Why Britain only?
l can even send you to the moon
Sit down, and have fun
Khan Baba, are the two birds here?
- Birds?
Amar and Rajesh.
- They came, and they flew away
Flew away? Or are they hiding here?
- How could they?
This is Karim Khan's house.
Not a pigeon coop
Sit down
Where are you going?
You dance very well
Thank you.
- lt's Allah's gift
Why have you come here?
- To tell you, you're going to die
l've heard those words before
Forgotten your time in jail?
Still haven't got
over your vengeance?
That was my brother.
But a woman's vengeance,
you have not seen
When a woman takes her revenge,...
everything is burnt to ashes
l'll call the police exactly at
five minutes to one
His plan is fantastic.
Sadly, he won't enjoy the fruits
He's supposed to get 500,000
for the job
As soon as he delivers, we'll
give him five bullets instead
So our plan isn't that bad either
Look, you're mating tonight. Finding
three males for you was tough enough
Choose your mate.
Show them what you are
He's coming. Watch out
He must be dead
before he gets too close
How did they turn up?
He's shot
Lord, thou art the giver of life.
Give life, Lord
Rise, son
Fantastic plan, Rajesh!
They wanted to kill you
Khan Baba, it's all thanks to you.
- Fools! Took my men for real cops
They ran
Come on. Amar must be waiting
The house in front of mine
is being burgled
Where?
- 7th floor. Riviera, Nariman Point
Your name? lt's important
- Now don't involve me.
l'm informing you. That's all
Have you called the police?
- Yes
We've made tons of money
This is worth 10 million. Take this.
Karim Khan is waiting for you.
He'll put you on the plane
What are you thinking about?
- l'm not leaving you. Come along
Not again!
- Rajesh, listen to me
You needn't go to jail.
This money is enough for us
We can live peacefully
anywhere on earth
Not until the police are convinced
that l'm not involved with this heist
l have to get caught on this job
Amar, at most it's a matter of
a year or a year and a half
The police are coming
Make sure you remember the codes
for the rendezvous with Joe?
Yes. Friendliness is godliness
What am l going to tell Sheila?
- Explain it to her
You...?
- Yes, inspector
Getting caught while robbing
gets you one year
6 months more, going by my past record
makes it a year and a half?
What are you thinking about?
Handcuffs please
That reminds me of a couplet
written by Mirza Ghalib
Would you like to hear it?
- Sure
Eagerness isn't without reason
Where there is something to hide
What do you mean?
- Simple
Would you get caught doing such
a simple theft? Now that stinks
Stinks? But it's open and shut case.
- A policeman's first lesson is..
not to believe
what you see or hear.
Use your minds to find the truth
After that, and only after that
can you believe
So what according to you
is the truth?
Allah willing,
l'll soon find out
l mention Allah,
and the truth outs
What truth?
Raka's house was robbed.
Diamonds worth 10 million are missing
How am l involved with that?
- That's exactly what...
you're involved with.
This is a sham
You will never be able to prove
my involvement with that robbery
You're right. l can't arrest you
for the robbery
But l can surely arrest you
for this murder
No! l didn't kill him
l say l haven't killed him
l'm beginning to
understand your plan.
You and your friend planned
this double heist
You were to rob Raka's house, and
you'd pass the loot to your friend
And your friend flees lndia,
while you get caught here...
breaking a safe. You get a year
or a year and a half at most
After which, you and your friend live
happily ever after off the loot
You tried to fool the police.
But your friend has fooled you
He kills this man,
and he gets away
That's a lie!
- That's the truth
My friend could never do that!
- That's exactly what he has done
He's flown with your money
and your girlfriend...
and your part of the deal
is to hang for him
The hangman's noose for you, Rajesh
- My friend could never do that
ln crime, sons cheat their fathers.
What to say of friends?
Come on
Don't try to do the impossible.
Don't be foolhardy
You can't escape
You can't get me.
Not until l've killed Amar
Rajesh has double-crossed us.
- How come?
That police posse was a set-up
Where can he go?
- His friend! Joe
And Joe is in London just now
My name is Joe
- Code?
Friendliness is godliness
Why hasn't Rajesh come?
Any problems?
No. He will come afterwards
Where's the jewelry?
- l have it
Has the money been organized?
- Will be done
Call me on this number
the day after tomorrow
Where's Rajesh?
- l don't know
Hasn't Amar told you?
- Who is he?
According to Scotland Yard,
you met Amar yesterday
So what? Not a crime
meeting him, is it?
Yes, you have committed a grave crime.
Rajesh and Amar are criminals
They are accused of
robbery and murder
Murder?
- Yes, murder
lf they turn themselves in, l can
get them off the hook for murder
Only l know who the real killers are.
Vikram and his sister
But if they refuse, they'd get
twenty years at least
You might have to live those
twenty years in their company
Amar, something must've happened to
Rajesh. He should've been here by now
Nothing is wrong.
Believe me Sheila
Then why hasn't he come yet?
- He will come
Whenever l ask you, that's all
you say. Where is he?
Something has cropped up.
He has had to stay back
What is it? Why don't you tell me?
- How do l explain this?
Sheila, as of now, l can't tell you
anything. But please, trust me
Amar, once you sacrificed your love
for my sake
For the sake of that love,
tell me the truth
lt will take him some time
to come
How long?
- A year or a year and a half
Why just a year or a year and a half?
Why don't you say l'll never come?
Rajesh, what are you saying?
- One more step, and you're dead
Surprised to see me alive?
- What are you saying?
May you live forever.
Why should l be surprised?
ls that meant for Sheila's benefit?
- You're raving! Are you drunk?
l'm just getting
out of the hangover.
Of love, friendship and humanity
What's wrong with you, Rajesh?
Before he left he sent me
to the gallows
Gallows...?
- Yes
By now l must've been sentenced
to hang. That's what you thought
To hang...?
- l have been framed for murder
Murder? Whose?
- Ask yourself
No Rajesh! l didn't kill anyone.
- How come a dead man was there?
You killed him!
And you framed me for it
So that l would hang! And you'd
enjoy all the money. And Sheila
Scoundrel! Why did you betray me?
l was willing to sacrifice a year
and a half of my life for your sake
lf you wanted the money,
you should've just said so
lf you wanted Sheila, l would've
sacrificed my love for your friendship
l would've stepped aside.
- lf you don't stop this nonsense...
l'm going to hit you!
- Just you try!
What are you waiting for?
- lf you were born of a man...
you'll throw that revolver away.
Then talk
Rajesh, what's going on?
Stop it, l say!
- Stay away
Rajesh! You mustn't!
- Out of my way, Sheila
For God's sake! Stop it
lf the two of you don't stop
this madness, l'll kill myself!
Papa, l just had a nightmare
Who?
- Joe here
Yes, Joe? Rajesh here
When did you arrive?
- Just now
The lnterpol and lnspector Khan
are looking for you
l know. They think l committed
the murder
Not you. Vikram Singh and
his sister killed that man
What are you saying?
- lnspector Khan told me himself
You are only charged with robbery
Are you listening?
- Yes
Be careful.
- l will be careful
l'll contact you later
l have insulted your friendship
l have hurt you
- Yes, you have hurt me
Go on Amar, kill me!
l have no right to live
You are the only friend l have.
lf l killed you, how could l live?
lnspector Khan.
With the London police
Amar, where's the heist?
- ln the boot of the red car
We must switch cars. Khan must've
set all of London looking for us
All right, you do the switch
while l call Joe
That car could be available
Why don't you say? We have to sell
the stuff. Where do we meet?
The West London piers.
Eleven sharp
What is it Joe?
Joe! You deceived me?
Your fate has deceived you.
Your life has deceived you
Death surrounds you
on all sides
Mr Joe, we have no enmity.
You may go
That was just a sample
Your friendship is now
going to be put to test
Let's see if you can die together
as you have lived together
Before you die, you can watch
the two of them die
l told you l wanted
to see you die together.
Now is the time.
First you. Because you deceived us
Such friendship!
Such sacrifice
''Angels are not blessed so''
''This most human emotion''
''Only the richly deserving''
''Will perform the supreme sacrifice''